Mango transforms digital collections into guided cinematic stories.
Built natively on IIIF, Mango lets you bring images, media, and interpretation together into a single, seamless viewing experience.
With multilingual support for narration and annotations, stories can reach audiences in their own language.
Because Mango works directly with IIIF, every level of detail is instantly available.
Stories can guide viewers through collections, highlighting the details that matter most.
Mango adds interpretation directly into the visual experience.
Annotations appear in context, helping explain objects, people, and moments without interrupting the story.
Place annotations exactly where they are needed.
Mango stories aren't limited to a single collection. Combine unlimited IIIF manifests
to build richer, cross-collection narratives.
Mango supports audio and video, allowing you to focus on key moments by setting start and end times within media.
Use multiple audio or video clips throughout a story to guide viewers through complex narratives.
Mango enables layered storytelling.
Images, annotations, narration, and video can work together, helping audiences understand not just what they are seeing, but why it matters.
From education to heritage to research, Mango adapts to the story you want to tell.
Mango is built on open standards, powered by IIIF, and designed for long-term digital storytelling.
It gives organizations a way to turn collections into experiences without locking content into proprietary systems.
This is Mango.
Open collections, open standards, open storytelling.